All right. Let's review the code for exercise 1,
and walk through it together.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to add the app logic portion.
So that's in the folder C here.
I'm going to copy that and paste that in here and
rename it to sol.
So as I alluded earlier,
this is a basic stub of a contract,
it doesn't really have a whole lot in there.
So the first thing we are going to do is move the logic for calculateBonus
and addSale from the data contract over to the app contract.
I'll go ahead and put that here.
At this point, you can see right away that updateEmployee is not recognized,
so we need to go ahead and make a stub for it.
The easiest way to create a stub is to go ahead and
call a copy from the the data contract and just paste that.
We'll just make it an empty function.
So at that point, that should address the compilation error, that was showing up.
You'll probably note that there are still squiggles there,
and in fact when I try and compile this,
you'll see a lot of errors.
The reason for those errors is that the contract has unused variables,
it has an unused function,
it has a function where the visibility of it is not explicitly declared.
So that's just the compiler warning you,
but you'll notice that at the end of it,
it still writes the artifacts to the contract's folder.
Which means that it wasn't an error that would cause your contract to be broken,
it just is an issue with having extraneous code and the compiler is warning you of it.
So as you are refactoring code in these scenarios, you're going to see a lot of this.
You're going to go through phases where there are a lot of warnings.
What you're looking for is this last line, writing artifacts,
because as long as that's happening,
you know that everything is working correctly.
Now one tip when you're doing this,
it might also be beneficial for you to periodically delete
your build folder because occasionally,
there are problems where a particular file is not updated.
So as a safe thing to do,
just delete it and then compile.
That way you can be sure that it's the latest generated and compiled code.
So that has worked.
So that is exercise 1.
Now, let's work on a quiz related to that.
When you're separating a contract into separate data and application contracts,
what development technique enables you to gradually perform the task,
while ensuring the code continues to compile?